Docs: Add CodeQL standard packs and bundle to CodeQL tools page (#10013)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-overview/codeql-tools.rst

- ``codeql/python-queries`` (`changelog <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/python/ql/src/CHANGELOG.md>`__, `source <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/python/ql/src>`__)
- ``codeql/python-all`` (`changelog <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/python/ql/lib/CHANGELOG.md>`__, `source <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/python/ql/lib>`__)
- ``codeql/ruby-queries`` (`changelog <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/ruby/ql/src/CHANGELOG.md>`__, `source <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/ruby/ql/src>`__)
- ``codeql/ruby-all`` (`changelog <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/ruby/ql/lib/CHANGELOG.md>`__, `source <https://github.com/github/codeql/tree/codeql-cli/latest/ruby/ql/lib>`__)

For more information, see ":ref:`About CodeQL packs <about-codeql-packs>`."

CodeQL bundle
-----------------------------

The CodeQL bundle consists of the CodeQL CLI together with the standard CodeQL query and library packs

> maintained by GitHub. It can be downloaded from `GitHub releases <https://github.com/github/codeql-action/releases>`__.

Reviewer: Same comment as above, perhaps, although not as critical:
```suggestion
maintained by GitHub. The bundle can be downloaded from `GitHub releases <https://github.com/github/codeql-action/releases>`__.
```
